if there's one thing the police hate
more than a cop killer it's a cop
killers lawyer Rico is a lawyer did you
to kill those cops a specialist at
getting people off the hook I don't know
I want Frankie still I want him bad I
envy you you've got such a clear-cut
view of the law it's not complicated
with minor details like the Bill of
Rights or due process I don't live in a
courtroom everything's always regulated
in me the case is hereby dismissed Rico
just won the biggest case of his career
it could be the biggest mistake of his
life
and now the hooks on Rico he's getting
it from both sides are you sure you're
okay as good as they can be with
somebody trying to kill me oh that's
what I'm gonna find out listen Rico I've
got two cops buried in the Rosedale
Cemetery I'm just trying to keep the
rest of their buddies from joining me go
home Joey he's mine this time the one
thing Rico can't figure out is who wants
him more
officer Thompson speak some set me up
tough like a big man now but when you
need a lawyer you'll say oh just because
you got me off one idea dude doesn't
mean you're gonna get me up on one that
I didn't do in San Francisco there's a
lot of tough cops but there's only one
tough lawyer mr. Rico
Dean Martin is mr. Rico